This is a head-gum original.
Man, these cats are cooking.
What was that?
Man, those cats were cooking.
That was just Maria.
Oh, who's Maria?
AJ knows Maria.
I did, Maria, where is she?
She's in New York.
Do you think she was going to be on this episode?
You said that was just Maria.
Oh, no, that Maria could have did the theme song.
Oh, Maria is just somebody who works here.
Oh, I think I met her. She had a suitcase on the way out.
What?
Dude, yeah, she was like, I was waiting outside.
I don't know that she was here. I want to send goodbye.
She left before she was gone before you got here.
But like, by five minutes.
Yeah.
What the fuck?
We met, we exchanged words.
We exchanged blows.
Yeah.
It was mostly heard just kick at my ass in the parking lot for a full 45 before you got here.
People don't know who y'all are.
People have clicked on the link.
They're like, what the fuck wears a mirror?
Yeah.
You're starting at an at negative.
People are not excited to see your face.
Unless they know you from internet or boyfriend unless they know you from boyhead.
Yeah.
So, let me, I'll give you guys a chance to introduce yourself.
And I'll introduce you.
I will start by because one of your songs I've played on this show for years.
So...
Fuck.
You fucking stalker with those words.
That song has been a song the soundboard for years until very recently.
I guess because the soundboard that I used just took it off, it's not on my uploaded.
That's all good.
Yeah.
But I understand.
That was all you.
That was all.
Yeah.
The internet boyfriend.
I was going to say that that soundboard.
They just don't want to see me win.
You know?
What was that?
That was when your body rejects a piercing.
Yeah.
The soundboard is attacking you.
Like a cancer.
Y'all are two of my closest musician friends.
Other songs, McCall songs, list them all.
And you know what?
This show has sort of included a lot of musical bits over the years, especially this year.
We'll get to it later.
But y'all also both continuously release music.
And I wanted to bring you guys on so that you could plug this shit.
But not with that, putting y'all through the ringer.
Not without pushing you into the deep end of what this show is.
Dom was saying that he doesn't listen to the show.
I don't think he listens to the show anymore either.
I listen sometimes.
Sometimes.
You know how often I listen to your new EP?
I know it's coming.
On the daily.
My ringback tone is lighter.
So I mean, how fucked up is that?
What is a ringback tone?
It's where you call someone else.
And it plays a song towards you.
Whoa.
I didn't know you could do that.
Um...
We're going to start things off with our...
Fond of the week.
Daniel Craig is out as 007.
What?
So every week until the next James is cast,
we're lobbing up our choice for the next 00.
Um, this week my pick is Tom Clancy.
Oh.
Do you want to offer this Tom Clancy?
The author.
Tom Clancy would like every dad's favorite books.
Exactly right.
At least of the like early thoughts.
Yes.
He's the thing.
Tom Clancy used to be...
What's that?
What is he writing about?
Sorry.
Did I come into the studio when you were recording your last EP?
Oh.
And did I say, right before you're going to do a vocal take on my vocal?
Wait, you know Tom Clancy?
Yeah.
I didn't do that to you.
Right?
That's so valid.
No.
That's awful if you did it.
But my life.
Um...
Tom Clancy because instead of James Bond,
it could be claims Tom.
Because...
And I don't know if you knew this, Tom.
But Tom Clancy used to be an insurance adjuster.
Whoa.
You know that the insurance adjuster, too.
Um...
Double a seven pipe line.
And then...
What was that?
It sounds like you choking.
Yeah.
That was...
Since someone else who works then I work choking.
Who is it?
Should we applaud this?
Or should we...
Should we be sad?
Did they pass?
Is it Joel?
You're okay.
Was it Joel?
Tell me if you have...
You know...
Legally you have to tell me if it's Joel.
Who's Joel?
Joel done off?
He sort of...
He works on the tech team here.
All right.
You haven't met any headguard.
Dude.
Other than Alex Burkeman, who's outside.
We met very briefly.
Yeah.
They seem nice.
And when you said briefly, did you mean when you were that year in brief?
Um...
I'm...
The always in brief?
Is that true?
Box a brief?
Right now Box a brief.
Nice.
But sometimes, dude, just the...
Yeah.
I think...
Say it.
Before this podcast started Jeff was like...
Is there anything that's off limits?
And I was like...
There's like one or two things.
Um...
And I didn't realize that we were going to be discussing my underwear so shortly.
And a sentence I just had to stop my...
Or so immediately up to...
I realized they also didn't give you guys any time or space to say who you are.
I don't even...
Uh...
Dom's...
Plug your stuff.
Who are you?
Who's Dom?
Yeah.
AJ told me that this is like...
You put your guests through the ringer.
Like...
I wouldn't be...
I wouldn't have been surprised if we'd walked in and it was just like...
A series of saw traps.
It's kind of about to be that.
Okay.
I barely started.
Fantastic.
Uh...
My name's Dom.
I release music under the name internet boyfriend.
I am a songwriter and singer and producer.
And...
Um...
Classical singer here around town.
And...
I...
That is...
That is what I do.
That's how I...
Uh...
Keep the horrors at bay.
One...
One song.
If people are going to look up your spotify internet boyfriend.
And they're going to listen to one song.
What song?
Uh...
Go listen to meds.
Meds is a song that we just...
Excuse me.
I'm pumping this mic.
Bad radio.
Uh...
Go listen to meds.
Meds is a song that my friend Lilo and I just put out.
Um...
It...
It fucks pretty hard.
Um...
That's... that's the one.
If I had to tell people like...
Go.
Now immediately.
Listen to the rest of this.
But...
Yeah.
Fucker.
I mean, sorry, AJ.
Uh... my name is AJ.
I release music as boyhood with the period at the end.
Yep.
You just made half the audience, bro.
A boy had period on all social media.
Um...
And Joel and I have the same hairdresser.
Ha ha ha.
You're a little better.
More...
Intertwined with headgum lore, I would say.
Because all the headgum New York people know you and you live with Johnny Villa.
I do live with Johnny Villa, Shadow Johnny Villa.
Yeah.
Johnny and I have never met, but...
You also know Johnny.
Actually, yeah.
I forgot about that.
I always forgot about this.
The week that Johnny started a headgum, he DMs me on Slack.
And he says, you know, uh...
Internet boyfriend.
And I was like, yeah.
How do you know him?
And you guys just know each other from the Internet?
Dude, just from the Internet.
You know, I just...
I just love to say dumb shit to people.
I've never met.
And that's how Johnny and I know each other, I think.
So...
Like a month or two ago.
A friend of mine posted on his Instagram story.
Like this, like, brochure, I guess that he saw in Little Rock.
And it said,
Spanking children for correction is of God.
And legal in the state of Arkansas.
Let's talk about it.
First of all, what do you guys think about Corporal Punishment?
Second of all, what else is of God?
We've talked about this a lot.
We do talk about this a lot.
Yeah.
A lot of things are of God.
So...
To me, let's go three things that you think are of God.
Three, two, one, go.
Printers.
Got it?
Wait, sorry, I'm just not doing right there.
I said, say three things are of God.
You're first to our printers and friendships.
Yeah.
Let's wrap it up.
Friendship is...
Friendship is Godly.
That second, though, this is a ranking
and the first one's printers.
Have you had a printer work?
Actually, recently.
It's a religious experience.
What are your hits?
What is it?
What do you have?
Never mind.
You just got a printer.
I'm a new old machine.
What was the ocean?
Yes.
The ocean is of God.
So...
Okay, what do you think of corporate punishment?
Yeah.
To me, not of God, but I can be convinced.
Oh, yeah.
Guys, we all live busy lives these days, right?
And you can't afford to waste a day stuck on the couch
because of what a few drinks the night before.
And that's where zbiotics pre-alcohol comes in.
Because it's the answer we've all been looking for.
Zbiotics pre-alcohol probiotic drink
is the world's first genetically engineered probiotic.
It was invented by PhD scientists to tackle rough mornings after drinking.
Now, here's how it works.
When you drink alcohol gets converted into a toxic byproduct in the gut.
It's this byproduct, not just dehydration.
That's to blame for your rough next day.
Zbiotics pre-alcohol probiotic produces an enzyme that breaks down
that toxic byproduct.
So just remember to make Zbiotics pre-alcohol your first drink
of the night, drink responsibly, and you'll feel your best the next day.
I just started using Zbiotics.
I used it for a whole weekend, which obviously, you know, oftentimes
and includes a few drinks, and it includes a few drinks on Friday, Saturday,
and then again on a Halloween.
And I got to say that my experience with it was pretty impressive.
I didn't drink responsibly, and I did notice a difference the next day.
Even after a night of, you know, costumed drinking,
I feel like now I can confidently plan on doing that.
As long as Zbiotics is the first drink, and still saving the next day,
and being productive the next day, and, you know, waking up and not feeling like
I'm going to stay in bed the whole day, which really does bother me when that
does happen.
Thanksgiving's right around the corner, speaking of holidays.
So make sure that you stock up on Zbiotics pre-alcohol probiotic,
because there's a lot of drinking around the holidays, guys.
All right, this is the perfect time to pick up Zbiotics.
Thanksgiving, Christmas, Hanukkah, New Year's Eve.
These are all very, and by worthy holidays.
So why not save your next day?
The Wednesday before Thanksgiving, everybody goes to their hometown,
goes out, gets drunk, and then has to wake up and eat bird.
Have some Zbiotics.
See how it works for you, because it has worked for me,
and I can't recommend it enough.
So go to zbiotics.com slash what's that to get 15% up your first order
when you use code?
What's that at checkout?
Zbiotics is back with a 100% money back guarantee.
So if you're unsatisfied for any reason,
they'll refund your money.
No questions ask.
Remember to head to zbiotics.com slash what's that?
And again, code, what's that at checkout for 15% up?
Thank you, Zbiotics.
We're sponsoring this episode, and our good times.
And we're back.
So you're three were...
Prentice friendship, the ocean.
Prentice friendship in the ocean.
I'm three things that are of God.
I'm going to say the guitar solo at the end of why you want to treat me so bad,
by Prentice is the most godly thing I know.
Godly or of God?
Of God, godly, you know.
Different.
Fuck.
Then I have to change my answer.
Would you say spanking children for the correction in the state of Arkansas?
In the state of Arkansas?
Man, I don't want to touch that yet.
Because I'm still trying a product of little rock,
Coralville punishment, though.
The Clintons?
Yeah, I don't think from a little rock or something?
Hillary and Bill.
I think just Bill, maybe.
Just Bill.
I feel like they're talking about rock.
Who got for the fuck?
That's a man who got spanked.
Yeah.
Well, I'm Bill Clinton, and I, you know.
That's my Bill Clinton.
They spanked his ass until he was a president.
Yeah.
No, his bottom was still sore when he sat down in the middle office.
Straight.
Oh.
We have to take another break.
Are you a millennial of Mrs. What Life was like in the 2000s?
Have you had a hard time finding new or curated music?
Are you interested in multiple perspectives on relationships dating and music?
Then you're going to love see the thing is a podcast hosted by Grammy Award
Winning R&B Artist, Bridget Kelly, and Media Personality and podcast trailblazer,
Mandy B.
Twice a week, Bridget and Mandy have nostalgic conversations in their grown segments, political
pop culture conversations in their honest segments, and relationships slash hot take conversations
in the slightly toxic segments.
The opinions on the show are real and brought to you by the genuine connections that the ladies
have with the guests that they like to call their friends with benefits.
Each week you'll leave with some new music recommendations or a curated playlist that you
didn't even know you needed in their freshly squeezed music segment.
Most recently the ladies have sat down with Remi Ma, Van Lathen, and Robert Glasspur.
So, star power for sure, and I would highly recommend you guys go follow and subscribe.
To see the thing is on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, or on YouTube.
New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday, and visuals are available on YouTube Wednesdays
and Saturdays.
When we take a break does that mean that, um...
I mean, that we read as in between.
Oh yeah, but like, oh, but this is like, so short segments.
It's amazing.
Not segments yet.
This is just the wax portion where we just kind of talk.
Exactly.
Well, I mean, not exactly.
Seconds of time.
No.
Not exactly.
Egg is on your face.
Dude, I did come in here after Malika was like, you can go inside.
I was just sitting outside eating a bagel.
And it was not until after we had a full interaction where I was like, oh, wow.
Like, it's so nice to meet you, Dada Dada.
I looked at the mirror.
I was like, yeah, there's like this much cream cheese on my face.
Mmm.
I've got three things.
The guitar solo at the end of why you want to treat me so bad by Prince.
Videos of unlikely animal friendships involving like a bird and a rodent, a reptile and an amphibian,
like the two, the further you get, the more close to God it is.
Sure.
The more of God it becomes, excuse me.
And probably the Crusades.
No.
Moving on.
Discuss.
A recent slate article begs the question.
Is the slow dance dead?
What do you guys think?
No.
You don't think that.
Why?
So dancing is of God.
Good.
Got it.
Yeah.
I think slow dance.
You can do any dance slow.
No.
Like, this is, sorry.
Oh, my God.
Sorry.
You're going to have to blur the bottom of this.
I've, I've destroyed the studio.
But like, you can do any dance slow.
Like, check this out.
We've never...
So dancing, not of God.
We've never done this.
Three breaks.
We have to take another break.
Unpresident.
And we're back yet again.
I didn't realize how spanking heavy this episode was going to be.
But it's time to introduce our first segment.
Okay.
Spanked or not.
I'm going to show you a series of celebrity photos.
And you guys are going to tell me whether or not you think that they were spanked for correction as a child or not.
Let's start with Dwayne Johnson, the rock himself.
Spanked or not?
I think not because he's looked like he was like 300 pounds since he was so small.
Such a child.
I also think not because like his family, like his dad was a professional wrestler.
No.
Like, I think that's sort of environment.
Yeah.
He's getting all his spanking out during the day.
Like, he doesn't need to come home and like do some more spanking.
Right.
Um, you would argue maybe that his, his like metaphorical spanking was neglect.
Yes.
On record.
Spanked or not?
No.
He's a billionaire.
You think, sorry, they only spanked him with like enough money to like start whatever
fucking Microsoft bullshit he was doing.
I'm sorry.
I feel like maybe every billionaire in the world is spanked because they remember that trauma.
This man is a live or dead right now.
In the photo or in life.
And like right now.
He is alive.
Okay.
It's a live.
Spanked or not.
Spanked.
No.
I think spanked.
Jeb.
No.
Oh, what do we think?
Do we think the Bush family in general is into corporate punishment?
Not Arkansas, Arkansas family or dynasty rather.
But I wouldn't be surprised if Jeb was spanked.
Yeah.
Because please clap.
Gives like spanked energy.
Yeah.
I think George was not spanked.
And the end.
George senior and wife were like.
Yo.
We fucked up.
Yeah.
And we should say that you refer to all couples as.
AJ and wife.
Yeah.
What the fuck.
This is Phil Heath.
The like best body builder in the world right now or something.
Right now or something.
I think.
I think 2011 Jeff on that placard behind that.
That's true.
I think he's still like one of the greats.
I believe it.
This man looks great.
And this man looks spanked to me.
Yeah.
Because he was spanked and then he developed this body so that it would never happen again.
Exactly.
AJ.
Oh, I say spanked.
Yeah.
Spanked or not.
Oh.
Is this a current pope?
Yeah.
This is Pope Francis.
He's more tolerant than past pope.
Correct.
Not spanked.
Holy shit.
It's a big old chain.
Dude.
Spanked or not.
Spanked.
Really?
I think so.
I think absolutely not spanked.
Oh, my Jeff.
You said that with a lot of tenderness in your voice.
Yeah.
I mean, look at him.
He's always had a good life.
I mean, he's always had like a glimmer in his eye.
He's never had really ran into any trouble.
You and I ran into him on the bedford stop.
Oh, we know you weren't there.
You told me to better think.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
It's really funny, Jeff, to be like, oh, yeah.
The time I met him, I bumped into the celebrity.
Oh, no.
You weren't there.
So every, like, any time you tell this story to you.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah.
You weren't there.
And I thought you were fucking right.
Oh, it's right.
Freudian slip because I think this one spanked first.
Yeah.
He's older, right?
Spanked.
Yeah.
Spanked or not.
Oh, no.
What do you think, Adrian?
I think, no.
I think he's got too much whimsy in his heart.
Yeah.
I think anybody who is that interested in the pursuit of truth was, like, that was fostered.
And if you're spanked, you're saying that people might want to mar that truth.
Slash a logo.
I think if Bill and I had been spanked, we might have gotten, like, um, there might be a sequel to
Oppenheimer called Nye.
Spanked or not.
There's no way.
If he'd been spanked, we wouldn't have any soprano sex, smooth jazz.
This is what I hear in my head.
AJ.
Kenny G.
Oh, spanked or not?
I'm saying spanked.
I think spanked.
I think the music is coming from a place to spank.
I think.
Ultimately.
Yeah.
Spanked or not, finally.
Maximilian Robespier.
What I will say is that trauma begins trauma and he did end up guillotine a lot of people,
which is sort of like the spanking of the head.
He's got a really small head.
He's got, I honestly though, I have a soft spot for Robespier because look how thin his ankles are.
No.
You got thin ankles?
I've got thin ankles.
Yeah.
You can't tell right now because I'm wearing boots.
Ah.
Yeah.
I would, that's how I would hide that as well.
Maybe it's a small head.
Maybe he's just leaned back.
Yeah.
I mean, this is in monarchical France.
He was like fighting for, you know, every man landowning or not to have the right to vote.
And I feel like that equality, right?
It comes from a place of at one point there is a power dynamic between him and Mr. Robespier.
Comes from a place to spank.
Exactly.
Did you explain that to me?
Comes from a place to spank.
Yeah.
Did you explain that to us?
Because you think we don't know who fucking Robespier is?
I think a lot of the audience doesn't know who Robespier is.
And then the people are going to be like, Jeff thinks we're a fucking idiot.
It's fuck Jeff.
Jeff doesn't even show up and he's preparing all the time.
This is like, everybody relax.
Jeff, I think you're doing an amazing job.
You don't really say that.
You really don't.
I know I don't.
I'm not being paid to say that.
You can't really see his ankles in this picture as well.
They're both kind of marred.
They're both obscured.
Yeah.
All right.
But spank or, or no spank.
Yeah, spank.
Oh, I said, um, that spank.
You don't have to get angry because like Dom was like,
but spank or no spank.
Yeah.
You're like, oh.
I said that.
Yeah.
He talks to me like that.
Um, spank or no.
What?
Spank or no.
I spank.
Okay.
Got it.
Yeah.
I think spank.
I think if you're French in the past, you're spanked.
Yeah.
I get that.
Should we just leave Robespier up on the thing?
Because if I take it off,
it's going to turn on to what the frame TV always turns on to,
which is, uh, young Turks.
Oh.
TYT.
I think, uh,
Leave Robespier up there.
I want the young Turks.
TYT.
Fuck you guys.
Right?
Because I've read together.
Good show.
This is a great show.
It was like a TYT parody.
I got there.
Jeff.
Let's, let's be clear.
Take a minute to sit in that.
Okay.
I mean, we should say that that is straight off
of the new boyhood EP.
I know it's coming.
To it's an interlude.
It's the single.
That and a blunt.
Oh.
You got the royalty free version.
What's that?
What?
Risotto is a dish that tastes nice.
Yeah.
Butter, broth, white, rind, spice, and rice.
I'll congeal into a cream.
Some people will eat this with glee, I disagree.
Use a walk to ensure burn char.
I like synged rice.
Mix with chicken beans, rabbit, and saffron.
But you don't need all that.
I would argue that's mostly meat, keep it simple.
Use a walk to ensure burn char.
Ruin your rice.
Use a walk to ensure that's called.
And the syring rice goes.
Rice casseroles, the dish that some make best.
Most of them live in the Midwest.
Midwesterners know how to char.
Usually it's overcooked ham to their credit.
They use walks to ensure burn char.
They damage rice.
By using walks to ensure burn rice.
They do this for like 45 minutes.
Cecilians eat R and G meat.
So many verses.
Crestions eat perfectly cooked rice.
Belgian folks eat rich start.
Rich start is a ricey pie.
I hate all that.
I use a walk to ensure burn char.
That's all garbage.
Just use a walk to ensure burn char.
I feel like I should elaborate.
Elaborate on the topic of rich start.
Rich start is a Belgian pie made of rice and slightly charred but it's dessert.
It's nothing like loose rice that's called.
I want burnt rice.
So use a walk to ensure burn char and the scorching rice goes.
That was hard.
Five whole verses.
Got the perfect amount.
I said to AJ last week I said hey y'all should make a burnt rice parody.
You've never heard the show at least not recently.
Basically the lore is that there used to be a own a giri restaurant on the same street as the old studio called
Ammsby.
Ammsby closed and then during the pandemic we started singing songs.
Baking puns on rice and then at a certain point it became songs about Ammsby and then songs just about
Rice and then songs about ruining rice by overcooking it and charring it and scalding it, you know,
cauterizing grains.
Oh my god.
It's like I'm getting excited just thinking about the back.
Out of luck because at some point ideally in the next six months I'm going to actually release
a record mixed master and release and EP of all the songs we've done.
This one is the newest iteration.
We haven't done one for a couple months.
So this is actually the audience is going to be excited.
That was walk to ensure burnt char instead of walk on the wild side.
Yeah.
I was wondering what that was.
Do you guys mind if we just talked to these lyrics real quick?
I can get some notes because y'all actually are musicians.
Yeah.
Again, boyhood and internet boyfriend.
So there's an e-missing also if you're looking for me right now.
We'll figure that out later.
Don't worry.
Just going to talk to these.
Rosodo is a dish that tastes nice.
Mm.
Agreed.
Butter, broth, white wine, spice and rice.
Mm.
So far so good.
All congeal into a cream.
Some people eat this with glee.
I disagree.
Yeah congeal.
What's that congeal?
I would argue that Rosodo is a congealed cream.
Is that fair to say?
It's sort of like sweet and condensed.
Um, as a man who knows how to make Rosodo and not much else.
As a man.
So as a man.
And I'm not going to get hung up on congeal.
But the, you know what?
No.
Keep going.
The point of this is to hyper scrutinize every single syllable.
Okay.
Could it be?
How do you feel about Rosodo?
Do you like it?
I don't like Rosodo.
Why not?
I just think it tastes like a congealed cream of rice.
I think you've probably had a ban.
And I got that from your.
There.
Which is awesome.
Yeah.
Is there what you know?
There you go.
And you did.
University through sessions.
Okay.
Now that I have that.
I understand.
I'm prepared to move on.
Hmm.
Use a walk to ensure burnt char.
Speak on that part.
Yeah.
So basic.
Thank you.
That's where you live.
So far so good.
You think people are.
I don't think people are burning their rice on a walk before they make risotto.
But that's the point.
Okay.
And that's what I'll say.
Is it twist on a classic?
This is maybe the.
Some of the best lyricism I've done.
I really wanted to show up because each verse.
No, it's how it's a story.
Yeah.
Ice or rice base dishes as we'll see.
And the chorus is saying forget all that.
Yeah.
Just just simply take a walk.
Put rice in there and burn the shit out of it.
Yeah.
Basically like use a walk to ensure that there's burnt char all over the grains.
Does that make sense?
Yes.
Okay.
I've arrived.
Well, not only does that make sense.
Do love it.
Well, so you're looking at kind of.
It's five versus you're looking at five different cultures.
The people make rice.
And you're saying actually fuck all that.
Don't in a walk or in the shit out of it.
Fuck the thing that you guys are doing.
You're culturally.
Yeah.
I like sins rice.
Sure.
Use a walk to ensure burnt char.
Okay.
Payaa is made up of soggy grains.
Rich too.
Mixed with chicken beans, rabbit and saffron.
Is rabbit?
Okay.
He did.
Wow.
How can I give up such a lie?
Well, I'm not a present saturation.
People are doing that for color a lot.
Oh yeah, no way.
You roll out your high end.
You can sell like vB bridges.
That's true.
Well, I was going to ask, would you mind if you wouldn't feel comfortable having
JSON mixed this episode.
OK.
First track on a BP mixed by JSON.
Yeah.
I looked it up and said, Paya.
What's in Paya?
And it's chicken beans, rice, rabbit, and saffron.
but you're done for hours.
You're on page 50.
That's where you got rabbit.
Yeah.
I don't want to offend anybody who knows what's
in Piai, I do not know.
Yeah.
But you don't meet all that.
I would argue that's mostly meat.
Meaning that's mostly not rice.
That's mostly rabbit and saffron, it seems like.
Yeah, you want more rice.
Keep it simple.
Yeah.
Use a walk to ensure burn rice.
Yes.
Ribbon your rice by using walks to ensure burnt char and the
searing rice goes.
That's a fair part.
Yeah.
I think that the commitment, you know, a good and a
mediocre lyric.
I'm not saying that's what this is, but a mediocre lyric
can really be salvaged by an incredible performance.
And I think you brought it in this.
That can't come from it.
No, no, no, no, no, I don't want to say
mediocre.
I think, um, bad to be fair, Jeff, they're no words.
They're not lyrics, but your performance is
exceptional.
It's the sound of, um,
serious.
It's the sound of it's the sound.
It's my favorite post.
It's gold and you can do it.
But can I just next, sorry to interrupt, but like, I'm
sure you have like dozens of IDs in the back.
Had a lot, but like the sound of settling by the post
of service, the sound of pretty good.
You guys could have written that on the way here.
Yeah, we could have.
Rice casseroles, the dish that some make best.
Is that a real, is rice casserole, real thing?
If somebody presented me with a rice casserole, I would,
I would really have to evaluate like how badly do I want
this person to stay in my life.
What the heck?
If it's a gift.
A gift is a gift.
You know, you're right.
I'm always grateful to be gifted.
Most of them live in the Midwest.
So there's a lot of casserole.
I grew up in Cleveland.
Yeah.
There's a lot of casseroles there.
Rice based.
Most of them not rice based, but you know, some of them.
It's just enough.
So Jeff, don't you don't talk about the lyrics?
No, no, no, no, no.
Enough casseroles.
That would have been such a funny way to be like,
enough.
Enough actually.
Don't belittle your work like that.
This is more than just as long as it's your truth.
No, this is sort of, this might have to be the lead single.
Yeah.
This bangs.
And in Westerners know how to char,
usually it's overcooked ham to their credit.
They use walks to ensure burnt char.
Where is the rhyme?
What's that?
Where's the rhyme of there?
It's okay if there's not one.
Rice casseroles, the dish that's
something best, most of them live in the Midwest.
Midwest, thank you.
My Westerners know how to char usually
it's overcooked ham to their credit.
I think that's a large intermission
between best and Midwest.
I was like, hold on.
Cool.
I'm back.
I'm in the studio.
My rhyme schemes are like, there's A, B, A, B,
there's A, B, B for me.
It's like A, Q, R, D, C, you know what I mean?
I like to make people feel on edge.
I got, it's working.
I like that.
They use walks to ensure burnt char.
They damage rice by using walks to ensure that skull.
Ooh.
I like the use of skulled.
Yeah.
Sicilians eat R and Genie.
Greshens eat perfectly cooked rice.
See, this is the right because like the Greek,
hearing all the previous lyrics.
I've been in diet, yeah.
My first thought is like, this man doesn't know
the proleral word for like the Greek people.
And then you bust out Greshens.
Ha ha ha.
You're saying that the lyricism involved
in making the song parody.
Suggest someone so dull.
It's just that they wouldn't know the,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's not what I'm saying.
I'm just, I would have expected Greeks.
A lot of bad candid compliments being given.
Yeah.
The slinging poison and poison.
It's this or it's this or we just actually
spank each other.
Belgian folks eat rich start.
This is my favorite verse because I feel like
I learned something.
I read it.
Yeah.
Agreed.
There hasn't been a lot of new info in these rice
parodies, but yeah, Belgian folks eat rich start.
Rich start is a ricey pie.
I hate all of that.
Yeah.
Just use a walk to ensure burnt char.
Okay.
That's all garbage.
Use a walk to ensure burnt char.
Yeah.
So I mean, I was gonna be like,
so here's what rich start is,
but the next verse explains it.
Yes.
I feel like I should elaborate.
Collaborate on the topic of rich start rich start is
a Belgian pie made of rice and slightly charged.
So what rich start is is basically rice pudding in
sort of a flaky buttery crust with like a creme brulee
seer on the top, right?
I don't.
Yeah, I do.
I have to share.
No, I would.
Oh.
You said I would like talking about a celebrity
that you would smash your past.
Yeah.
Well, restart as a Belgian pie made of rice and slightly
charged, but it's dessert.
Mm-hmm.
It's nothing like loose rice that's calleds.
I want burnt rice.
So use a walk to ensure burnt char.
And the scorching rice goes,
and that's the song.
Um, overall for this and for the other rice
parodies that I've done.
I think, really good.
Yeah.
I think you're doing everything that you've done.
Yeah, obviously after we walked through it,
I'm even more convinced.
I think you told a story.
I think I learned something new.
I think there were five verses, but they flew by.
I think the chorus is convincing.
I danced along.
You did different things with your voice.
You kept it interesting.
There was some talking.
There was some singing.
There was some hissing.
Yeah.
There shouldn't be hissing in a song.
There were some parts that were pretty reptilian.
It would be a surprise.
And that reptile, friends with a shark.
Whoa.
We got there.
Here we are.
I've got it.
Callbacks, callbacks, callbacks.
Guys, we made it to the end of the episode.
What the fuck is this?
You want to, you want to bang out a second?
What the fuck are you talking about?
You, you, what's that?
You want to bang out a second episode, real quick?
Moona's coming in in 30 minutes.
Famous.
If we had a Patreon, it could be like a bone.
It's backlogged after the episode.
And what happens live after show.
But no, you have to get the fuck out of here.
That's from plugs.
What do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point to people towards?
We've already plugged the music, but continue to plug it.
I guess, probably, right?
So let's start with Dom.
Again.
Oh, OK.
Couldn't just be social media.
It could be like, OK.
I reckon the people find you.
The people can find me.
I think easiest place to probably Instagram.
My app is I'm T. R.
You don't think the easiest place to be.
What the fuck?
That's actually, I mean, you will, you can find me, like,
on my, like, afternoon depression walk.
Or if you're visiting AJ in New York,
the easiest place to find you would be.
Fuck.
Yep.
Yeah.
You can also find Johnnyville out there.
You can.
Fantastic.
This access, both.
Dom.
Um, yeah, you can find me on the internet
doing way too much.
Instagram.
My app is I. N. T. R.
Net B. F.
I. N. T. R. N. E. T. B. F.
And we got links in the bio to Spotify, where you can hear
every song I've ever made for the last half of fucking decade.
My Twitch, where I'm streaming myself, making music,
and playing video games with my friends.
And my YouTube wears, like, which is not as important.
Yeah, listen to my music, please.
I'm begging you, so I'm so fucking tired.
We're shit, AJ. AJ.
You can find me on Instagram at Joel Man Dunnoff.
Um, no, you can find me at Boyhood period.
The word periods about out, because they wouldn't let me end
with a symbol.
You can find me on kind of wherever you listen to music,
at Boyhood period, but it's just the period.
It's like a dot.
And I just put out an EP.
It's called, I know comma.
It's coming.
And Jeffrey is my muse.
I forgot how to say that as well.
Every song I've written is also about you.
Yeah.
This is similar.
My birthday, baby.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Let's write off on this.
See, and what we could do is just write out over the credits.
But instead of what we're doing is we're live listening to it.
And everybody's watching us hear a song.
Love you, action.
Over the live.
At Jeffrey James on Instagram, that's it.
And let keep listening to this show and send it to your friends.
Namaste.
That's does, folks.
Be your soul of lead by and round.
Sitting me out and that's fine.
You're soul of lead on your way.
What does she run me down?
Break down.
Feel a picture like that.
Wanted to change.
Played down.
But I don't have my fight back.
Yeah.
You're soul of lead on your way.
And I want to stay fight my mind.
You're soul of lead still in the core.
These are your ways of hard to feel fine.
You're soul of lead pinning me down.
Sitting around and that's fine.
You're soul of lead in the core.
And over and over.
Thank you.